knowing that have acute on your left
okay
body camera videos
evidence of a hidden affair
interrogation tapes unraveling the
intricate web of lies that made up Chris
Watts secret life offering clues as to
why he murdered his pregnant wife
Shannon and their two young daughters
who immediately suspected Chris
Shannon's devastated parents Sandra and
Frank Cusack speaking out for the first
time since their daughter's murder when
I told the police to find his GPS
because his GPS can't tell them where my
family is from the outside the Watts
family seems perfect in social media
videos Chris plays the part of a loving
husband and doting father to Bella for
her and three year-old Celeste also
known as CNN is a social media maven
and master of the digital stage I am so
excited I'm driving with you she was fun
full of life she did so many things she
had our hand and everything love you
guys have a great day just about every
waking moment of Shannon's life's dreams
live over Facebook if you were from the
outside looking in she seemed to have
the perfect life she did did you believe
that she was happy absolutely Chris is a
field coordinator at a local oil company
shannon loves sharing their love story
which started not surprisingly on
facebook i got a friend request from
chris on facebook oh one thing led to
another and he's the best thing that has
ever happened to me
say hi CeCe
how was Chris as a father as far as you
could see he was a very loving father as
far as I know he loved his family and
then last June another baby is on the
way
I know boy boy Chris wants a boy I hope
it's a boy for him it'll make him happy
that's just the testator as luck would
have it it's a boy she had a name for
him already
he goes Shanon works for a multi-level
marketing company selling
vitamin-infused patches
Shannon's best friend and co-worker
Nicole Atkinson remembers dropping off
Shannon at home after a work trip the
morning of August 13th and I believe it
was around 1:45 in the morning that you
dropped her off roughly yeah what was
the last thing you said to her I just
told her if you need help in the morning
let me know and we gave each other hug
and I watched her go in the house that
morning Shannon once goes offline she
didn't text me which is really odd
because she texts me every morning
Nicole decides to try her in person she
knows the code to the front door what
happened when you got to the house he
couldn't get in it was locked from the
inside and then I called Chris
and asked if he knew where Shannon was
and he said she went on a play date and
I said Chris her car's in the garage
how could she gone on a play date both
balloons he's here in Percy's Nicole
becomes concerned and calls the police
all kind of communications my name's
Nicole and I'm calling because I'm
concerned about a friend of mine she's
not answering the doors she's not
responding text messages phone calls and
there's no movement in the house
whatsoever as Nicole impatiently waits
for the cops Shannon's husband Chris
Watts who's at work calls her friend
Cassie Rosenberg to see what's going on
he called me and I was screaming at him
I was frantic you need to get to the
house Nikki's calling the police so they
break down the door he said no don't
call the police I don't want to get them
involved I said your you're an idiot and
you need to get to the house because
something's wrong Frederick police
officer scott Coonrod races to the Watts
house this is real-time footage captured
on his body camera I'm just gonna check
the back see Bank see anything after a
quick check of the perimeter Chris Watts
finally shows up Scott so this is the
only vehicle she would have officer
Coonrod been asked to search the home if
I look around the basement bedrooms
bathroom the only signs of life the
barking dog Chris tells police he saw
his wife early that morning before he
left for work last time Foster was this
morning she says she's gonna take the
kids
and then a texter today I've never heard
anything the house appears neat and
orderly nothing out of place or rummage
through we all run through the house
kind of looking for you checked up
they're not there and it was it was odd
the things that you did see I didn't
make sense to me
Shannon's purse and wallet on the
counter wedding ring on the nightstand
and unmade beds and their beds would
have definitely been made yes and her
sheets wouldn't have been stripped off
the bed no there was a sheet missing
from the bed in the master bedroom oh
that wasn't under the matching sheet the
non fitted or a flat sheet was found in
the garbage can eventually they find her
cell phone
she work and in the kitchen here kids
take any medication the biggest clue of
all medicines including little cc's
EpiPen my daughter never leave the house
without her phone or the EpiPens
police get a break in the form of the
Watts next-door neighbor
matron a snitch he has a security camera
on the front of his house right there
above your head what I did is said I
have the video surveillance the only
thing I caught was Chris back in his
truck into the garage Chris comes over
to your home along with the police to
watch that surveillance footage yes he
was standing right in my living room
basically watching it
and he looked very frantic he had his
hands like this in the air on his
shoulders and he was really swaying back
and forth was he saying anything no he
wasn't saying anything he basically the
only time I saw him show any emotion was
a little bit of nervousness when he was
watching that tape my tech tip just
showed up you just want to go talk to
him I'm gonna get his info real quick
seemingly desperate to find his family
watts turns to the media for help
Shanon Bella Celeste sure out there just
just come back like if somebody has her
just please bring her back I need to see
everybody did he sound worried no I
didn't give a flying flip I said Chris
you know I said I don't think you should
do any media I said I'm you're the last
one to have seen them I don't think you
should and yet he did I thank God he did
it I think God in heaven that he didn't
listen to me in that interview Chris
admits he and Shannon had exchanged
words before she disappeared it wasn't
it wasn't like an argument motional
conversation but I'll leave it at that
in the weeks before Shannon went missing
she expressed great concern that her
marriage was falling apart
sending Chris text messages like this
one if you are done don't love me don't
want to work this out not happy anymore
and only staying because of kids I need
you to tell me I'm not just staying
because of the kids
they are my light and that will not
change I'm not sure what's in my head
she just told me that Chris said he
wasn't happy anymore and that she didn't
know what was wrong Shannon texting
another friend
Chris told me last night he's scared to
death about this third baby and he's
happy with just Bella and Celeste and
doesn't want another baby he has changed
I don't know who he is
did she ever suspect another woman I
think that she entertained the idea
because she did get I don't know if she
checked the bank account or if she got
to learn on her phone an alert to a
credit card charge from an expensive
dinner at a sports bar raises her
suspicions turns out she was right
Chris was having an affair with a young
pretty brunette named Nicole Kessinger
she says Chris told her he was separated
and working on getting a divorce
we got along really well I thought what
we had it was very comfortable for me I
enjoyed it I think he did very much as
well these are photos released by
authorities of their time together he
didn't have a wedding ring on his finger
he didn't mention his kids right away
either and then one day he told me that
he had two kids I thought it was kind of
cute I was like oh he's a dad all these
photos including nude pictures of Nicole
would end up in a secret app camouflaged
as a calculator in Chris's phone my
daughter she had no clue she was
clueless when we come back
Nicole Kessinger stunning realization
learning Chris's wife is not only
missing she's 15 weeks pregnant I just
realized that he was lying to me and I
was like well if you can lie to me about
this what else do you lie to me about
hi everyone George Stephanopoulos here
thanks for checking out the ABC News
youtube channel if you'd like to get
more videos show highlights and watch
live event coverage click on the right
over here to subscribe to our Channel
and don't forget to download the ABC
News app for breaking news alerts thanks
for watching